Fix broken sending-transaction links in tutorials [Fixes #5069] (#5070)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/tutorials/hello-world-smart-contract/index.md

![hello world explorer](./hello-world-explorer.png)

Here you’ll see a handful of JSON-RPC calls that Hardhat/Ethers made under the hood for us when we called the `.deploy()` function. Two important ones to call out here are [`eth_sendRawTransaction`](https://docs.alchemyapi.io/alchemy/documentation/alchemy-api-reference/json-rpc#eth_sendrawtransaction), which is the request to actually write our contract onto the Ropsten chain, and [`eth_getTransactionByHash`](https://docs.alchemyapi.io/alchemy/documentation/alchemy-api-reference/json-rpc#eth_gettransactionbyhash) which is a request to read information about our transaction given the hash (a typical pattern when

> transactions). To learn more about sending transactions, check out this tutorial on [sending transactions using Web3](https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/tutorials/sending-txs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transactions). To learn more about sending transactions, check out this tutorial on [sending transactions using Web3](/developers/tutorials/sending-transactions-using-web3-and-alchemy/)
```
